Flo's December updates (#834)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2020-12/90-Discover-new-designs.md

---
pim_announcement_alt_img: "The revamped locales grid"
pim_announcement_audience:
- CE
- EE
---

# Discover new designs
::: meta-data type="Improvement" features="Productivity" available="late December"

> To always increase your productivity and the level of lisibility of our PIM, we redesign some parts of the interface: the login page, the flash messages and the management page for our dear locales. Enjoy!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To always increase your productivity and the level of readability of our PIM, we redesigned some parts of the PIM interface: the login page, flash messages, and the management page of our dear locales. Enjoy!
```
